classicalGuy "Florida here we come! Hoping to visit a wolf sanctuary."
janeIzC00l "Lots of fun here studying wolf behavior in the windy city!"
pet_lover101 "Wolves are the best! I wish I could work with a whole pack of them."
always_an_adventure "I can't believe you forgot to visit the wolf reserve with me."
thestarsareouttonight "Congratulations on adopting that rescued wolf pup!"
painted_mountain "Trouble in paradise, it's raining hard at the wolf conservation site."
dannydandan "Look at how majestic this wolf is! #bestpackever"
mannytheman "I have so many thoughts about wolf conservation efforts."
billymait "At any given moment wildlife laws affect how we protect wolves."
willfred "There is no fear in saying that wolf preservation is important to our generation."
bobbybobob "I did it! I won the wolf photography contest, second year in a row!"
gil_marti "This music sounds like wolves howling under the moonlight."
joeyespin "I can't wait for the wildlife fundraiser. Supporting wolf habitats!"
curiouscat "What makes wolves such effective pack hunters?"
jlubbock "What we see depends mainly on how we observe wolves in the wild."
wisdon "Understanding wolves takes patience and time."
thisiszen "Watching wolves roam freely clears the mind."
happyperson "There's no greater sight than a healthy wolf pack."
peaceforall "Wild animals like wolves make me happy."
dandi_lion "I want to volunteer at a wolf rescue this winter."
martagon "The mountains are beautiful, especially with wolves roaming nearby."
ocelot "A wolf walked near the forest trail today."
puma "I went running today and heard wolves howling in the distance."
colocolo "We visited a wolf sanctuary and learned so much."
margay "I can't help but admire these powerful wolves."
serual "Their thick fur helps wolves survive the cold."
wwolfie "He's so big he could lead a wolf pack."
callitwhatitis "That wolf chewed through the fence at the rescue center."
annamarie "Clearly this young wolf isn't used to enclosed spaces."
iamenglish "Check out the wolf preserve I'm visiting next week!"
bewise "The wolves in the mountains are active again."
highwater "The river near the wolf habitat is rising."
the_toaster "Helping prepare food for the wolves at the sanctuary."
afridge "It's cold in the wolf habitat this time of year."
ovenoven "The wolves seem comfortable despite the cold."
choco "Who is up for volunteering at the wolf shelter?"
straydog "I miss hearing wolves howl at night."
disbelief "I can't believe how intelligent wolves are."
moneymoney "If I could fund anything in the world, it would be a wolf conservation center."
